OK, good.
Now, Point 6,
“What Jehovah does for his friends.”
Cassie, can you tap that link
“Jehovah Has Done So Much For Me”?
When I was 14,
things that happened in the past
started to catch up with me emotionally.
And I felt like everything
that happened in my life
was my fault.
Learning from the Bible that God says
that he will take my right hand,
that he will fortify me,
that he will really help me
—it blew me away!
She mentioned a Bible passage
where Jehovah takes our hand.
Can you read that at Isaiah 41:10, 13,
please?
“Do not be afraid, for I am with you.
“Do not be anxious, for I am your God.
“I will fortify you, yes, I will help you,
I will really hold on to you
with my right hand of righteousness.”
And 13: “For I, Jehovah your God,
“am grasping your right hand,
“the One saying to you, ‘Do not be afraid.
I will help you.’”
So, Cassie,
according to these verses,
what does Jehovah promise to do
for all of his friends?
Help us when we’re down or scared.
Yes!
Let’s look a little closer, though.
“I will fortify . . . ,
“I will help . . . ,
I will really hold on . . .”
—does that sound like a Friend who can help
or a Friend who wants to help?
I never thought of God, Jehovah,
like that.
Do you think that Jehovah
would make a good Friend?
Sure.
Why?
In verse 10, Jehovah
stretches out his hand to you.
Which one?
His right.
And then in verse 13,
he takes your hand.
Which one?
My right.
How?
Cassie, come here.
So is Jehovah
beside you
holding your hand?
Or is he—
In front.
That’s it
—his right hand
taking your right hand.
He’s facing you
to pull you up and out.
Cassie, what has Jehovah
pulled you out of?
Wow!
Um,
hopelessness.
That is a direct result
of friendship with Jehovah.
It grows stronger
the more we talk to him.
Let’s look at that in the next section, OK?